# Weekly Meetings

* [15th September 2017](#date-15th-september-2017)
* [24th September 2017](#date-24th-september-2017)
* [29th September 2017](#date-29th-september-2017)
* [8th October 2017](#date-8th-october-2017)
* [15th October 2017](#date-15th-october-2017)
* [22nd October 2017](#date-22nd-october-2017)
* [29th October 2017](#date-29th-october-2017)
* [5th November 2017](#date-5th-november-2017)
* [15th November 2017](#date-15th-november-2017)
* [26th November 2017](#date-26th-november-2017)
* [10th December 2017](#date-10th-december-2017)
* [19th December 2017](#date-19th-december-2017)
* [8th January 2018](#date-8th-january-2018)
* [19th February 2018](#date-19th-february-2018)
* [25th February 2018](#date-25th-february-2018)
* [11th March 2018](#date-11th-march-2018)
* [25th March 2018](#date-25th-march-2018)
* [1st April 2018](#date-1st-april-2018)
* [8th April 2018](#date-8th-april-2018)
* [16th April 2018](#date-16th-april-2018)
* [7th May 2018](#date-7th-may-2018)
* [13th May 2018](#date-13th-may-2018)
* [20th May 2018](#date-20th-may-2018)
* [28th May 2018](#date-28th-may-2018)
* [3rd June 2018](#date-3rd-june-2018)


### Date: 3rd June 2018


#### Who did you help this week?

#### Who helped you this week?
* Satra helped me with the poster

#### What did you achieve?
* creating poster for the retreat
* regtest: adding new plot, and improving old
* starting working on the ohbm presentations

#### What did you struggle with?


#### What would you like to work on next week?

* regtest: adding minial changes needed for the poster
* poster for OHB
* prepare container presentation 
* prepare nipype tutorial

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

* presentations
* posters

#### What else did you do this week week?
* helping with SIAM award application

#### Any other topics


### Date: 28th May 2018

#### Who did you help this week?
* Sanu with PyNIDM (tests)

#### Who helped you this week?
* talking to Satra about regtest (plots, specs)

#### What did you achieve?
* regtest: allowing for multiple files in tests 
* regtest: allowing for 2d output from tests
* regtest: proper merging of results from multiple tests
* regtest: improving altair/vega plots
* regtest: adding ruamel.yml to cwl_generator

#### What did you struggle with?
* cwl syntax and visualization for regtest

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* regtest: prepering some cases for the conference
* poster for the bldg.46 retreat
* presentation and exercises for the repronim tutorial
* new API

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

* regtest 
* posters
* presentation

#### What else did you do this week week?
* helping with SIAM award application

#### Any other topics
* might need to take a day off for moving


### Date: 20th May 2018

#### Who did you help this week?
* python users with installation xnd-group libraries

#### Who helped you this week?
* Michael helped me with nbval PR
* Altair dev helped me with parallel coordinates plots ideas
* xnd team helped me with libraries installations
* talked to Satra about regtest and simple workflow

#### What did you achieve?
* a few small PRs to xnd/gumatah
* moving testing nipype_tutorial to `pytest` with `nbval` 
* adding concurrent.futures plugin to run parallel jobs in the new api
* adding altair/vega plots to regtest
* adding options for choosing plots in parameters file in regtest (works for the altair plots)

#### What did you struggle with?
* visualization for regtest
* installing libraries in regtest

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* regtest: testing installation, checking simple workflow, visualization
* new API

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

* overall regtest structure, functionality

#### What else did you do this week week?
* PyCon sprint

#### Any other topics



### Date: 13th May 2018

#### Who did you help this week?
* explained my tests in pynidm to Sanu
* gave feedback to Smruti on the presentation
* Tania to run the reproducibility tutorial
* various Python users during the tutorial

#### Who helped you this week?
* dask team with dask cluster/client

#### What did you achieve?
* preparing Datalad notebook for the Pycon reproducibility tutorial
* preparing a short Datalad talk 
* using dask plugin to run parallel jobs in the new api

#### What did you struggle with?
* new API and dask

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* JS and plots
* new API
* check more talks/tutorials from PyCon

#### Where do you need help from Satra?


#### What else did you do this week week?
* PyCon

#### Any other topics
* still at PyCon, will be on Tue


### Date: 7nd May 2018

#### Who did you help this week?
* PR to Oscar's PRs
* nipype users (neurostars)
* explain basic JS to Sara
* helped Tania reviewing slides for tutorial for PyCon

#### Who helped you this week?
* Chris helped me with PRs and default values
* Satra helped me git version
* Yarik help me with Datalad
* Sara, Satra and Smruti helped me with JS plots

#### What did you achieve?
* finished my PRs
* changing API to join
* adding tests to API
* including more plots to Regtest
* abstract for Neuroinformatics
* adding notebook about Docker to the PyCon tutorial
* brainhack

#### What did you struggle with?
* JS and plots
* new API

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* JS and plots
* new API

#### Where do you need help from Satra?


#### What else did you do this week week?
* courses javascript
* organizing brainhack

#### Any other topics


### Date: 16th April 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* nipype users
* JB to	 edit list to OHBM training participants
* Sanu checking	   BIDS datasets

#### Who helped you this week?

* Satra helped me with issues with the Simple Workflow in regtest
* Satra helped me with my nipype PRs
* talking to Satra about new api

#### What did you achieve?

* fixing nipype conda install
* cleaning default_value usage in nipype
* fixing py3 env for simple workflow in regtest (won't be used at the end)

#### What did you struggle with?
* running simple workflow with new environments in regtests
* writing a good test for git bash in nipype (not sure what shoule be the strategy)
* new api: semantic & syntax
* cleaning dashboard pr in regtest

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* cleaning regtest
* js: learning and include new plots (?)
* new api

#### Where do you need help from Satra?


#### What else did you do this week week?

* courses on html/javascript
* some preparation to brainhack

#### Any other topics



### Date: 8th April 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* nipype users

#### Who helped you this week?

* Smruti halped me to understand a few issues with js

#### What did you achieve?

* integrating a simple version of dashboard to tests
* improving cwl implementation of tests


#### What did you struggle with?
* CWL syntax: mapping over workflow argumensts
* CWL syntax: saving output of workflow (crashing for simple workflow)
* RegTest design
* dashboard design

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* regression tests: Dashboard
* js: learning
* new api
* machine learning: learning


#### Where do you need help from Satra?
*  new API
* regtest design

#### What else did you do this week week?

* courses on html/javascript
* some preparation to brainhack
* preparation to OHBM and PyCon trips

#### Any other topics


### Date: 1st April 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* nipype users
* helping testing datalad
* nipype_tutorial
* discussion with Tania about reproducibility

#### Who helped you this week?

* Satra helped me with RegTests design
* got answer for my CWL question
* Yarik/GitAnnex fixed(?) problem with downloading data for tutorial 

#### What did you achieve?

* implemented scatter in the tests step properly
* adding other types of tests, reorganizing tests


#### What did you struggle with?
* CWL features and syntax
* RegTest: adding scatter to workflow step
* RegTest design

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* regression tests: scatter to workflow step
* regression tests: working with Jakub on Dashboard
* new api
* machine learning: learning


#### Where do you need help from Satra?
*  new API
* regtest design

#### What else did you do this week week?

* started courses on html/javascript
* some preparation to brainhack
* some preparation to OHBM trip

#### Any other topics



### Date: 25th March 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* Michael with Nipype Tutorial
* nipype users
* neurostar

#### Who helped you this week?

* Yarik helped me with datalad
* Tristan explained me Boutiques

#### What did you achieve?

* introducing reduce function to the new API
* adding scatter to RegTests (workaround, problems with files)

#### What did you struggle with?
* new API design
* scatter over files with CWL

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* regression tests: adding extra cwl files for different types of tests
* regression tests: working with Jakub on Dashboard
* new api
* machine learning: learning

#### Where do you need help from Satra?


#### Any other topics

* took vacation days
* went to Neuroinformatics Workshop


### Date: 11th March 2018

#### Who did you help this week?

* Michael with Nipype Tutorial
* nipype users 
* talked to Tania about reproducible workshops idea

#### Who helped you this week?

* Satra and Chris helped me with updating the documentation
* Satra helped me with api
* Tal helped me with changes in Nipype Tutorial, so it works with new version of grabbit
* Yarik answered to my DataLad issue (Nipype Tutorial stopped working with the current version)

#### What did you achieve?

* updating Nipype documentation
* changes to new API after Satra suggestions
* implementing mapper in new API
* fix (workarond) Nipype Tutorial related to new versions of DataLad, grabbit, matplotlib
* a few small updates to RegTests

#### What did you struggle with?
* new API design
* new versions of libraries with Nipype Tutorial

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* regression tests
* new api
* machine learning

#### Where do you need help from Satra?


#### Any other topics

* took a vacation days
* got sick during weekend, probably won't work full-time today



### Date: 25th February 2018

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?

* talked to Chris about nipype prs and issues 

#### Who did you help this week?

* nipype users
* nipype_tutorial user
* testing Matlab/SPM


#### Who helped you this week?

* talked to Chris about nipype interfaces, tutorial, api

#### What did you achieve?

* finishing a few pr 
* implemented the simple version of workflow (suggested by Satra) with API (multiprocessing plugin)
* using simple call back from multiproc calls

#### What did you struggle with?
* new API design
* multiprocessing library

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* new api
* regression tests
* update contributing.md part of documentation 

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

*new api

#### Any other topics

* going CO on Wed


### Date: 19th February 2018

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?

* talked to Jakub about regtest

#### Who did you help this week?

* nipype users
* talked to Ola about git


#### Who helped you this week?

* Satra	 suggested what is important for regtest
* talked to Satra about	new API


#### What did you achieve?

* working on new API (multiprocessing plugin)
* some cleaning regtest

#### What did you struggle with?
* new API design
* multiprocessing library
* using cwl with dynamically created docker container
* setting spm/matlab paths in nipype (current issue)

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* new api
* regression tests
* nipype old issues

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

#### Any other topics


### Date: 8th January 2018

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?


#### Who did you help this week?

* nipype users

#### Who helped you this week?


#### What did you achieve?

* writing tests for nipype_tutorial
* adding CI to nipype_tutorial
* reviewing nipype PR/issues 
* working on new API
* adding plotly plots to regtests

#### What did you struggle with?
* new API design
* best way of parallel coordinates


#### What would you like to work on next week?

* new api
* cleaning regression tests class
* nipype old issues

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

* new nipype api 

#### Any other topics

* took a few days of vacations during last 2 weeks




### Date: 19th December 2017

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?


#### Who did you help this week?

* nipype users

#### Who helped you this week?

* Jakub with neurodocker for regtest
* Satra helped me with abstract 
* Satra gave me some ideas about regtests and plots

#### What did you achieve?

* regtest: adding a basic version of Simple Workflow, extent the cwl part and adding a simple plotting
* submitting abstract to OHBM
* submitting proposal to IAP
* reviewing my old api branch and reorganizing 
* reviewing some old issues with Alex


#### What did you struggle with?


#### What would you like to work on next week?

* new api
* regression tests: learning `scatter`
* nipype: old pr, issues


#### Where do you need help from Satra?


#### Any other topics

* in Europe since Dec 20th (limited work till Jan 2nd, will take some extra vacation days) 


### Date: 10th December 2017 (for 2 weeks)

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?
* with Jakub on regression tests

#### Who did you help this week?

* nipype users

#### Who helped you this week?

* Jakub with neurodocker for regtest
* Satra helped me to understand how to use cwl with regtest

#### What did you achieve?

* solving some nipype issues
* closing doem old pr/issues
* reviewing the olf traitlets issue and collect changes that are valid for the traits version
* finishing PR exercises to nipype tutorial
* writing first simple version of regtest framework


#### What did you struggle with?

* understanding how to use cwl with regtest

#### What else did you do this week?

* applying for IAP (suggesting 2 workshops) 
* meeting with Paul and Lee
* meeting with Satra

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* new api
* regression tests: learning `scatter`, adding docker creation to cwl
* nipype: old pr, issues
* my traitlets pr base issue (create a new pr)

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

* nipype - new api
* nipype - old pr


#### Any other topics



### Date: 26th November 2017

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?
* with Jakub on neurodocker for regression test

#### Who did you help this week?

* nipype users
* explaining docker to my previous collaborator


#### Who helped you this week?

* Jakub created for me Dockerfile for a C++ library
* Satra explained to me problem with running fsl script in jupyter notebook
* Satra and Mathias helped me with solving the fsl nipype issue

#### What did you achieve?

* solving some nipype issues
* finishing PR for neurodocker
* adding exercises to nipype tutorial [WIP]
* updating repository&CI for regression tests
* adding interfaces to regression [WIP]



#### What did you struggle with?

* understanding fsl checks in nipype

#### What else did you do this week?
* meeting with Satra to talk about VM+Docker servers 


#### What would you like to work on next week?

* regression tests with Jakub
* finishing exercises and creating CI for nipype_tutorial
* reading more about prov and update PyNIDM
* post about docker (?)


#### Where do you need help from Satra?


#### Any other topics
* working remotely on Mon/Tue


### Date: 15th November 2017

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?
* with David on PyNIDM tests

#### Who did you help this week?

* brainhack participant to work preprocessing on her data
* software carpentry participants
* repronim training participants
* explaining docker to Julie
* explaining git/datalad to conference participants

#### Who helped you this week?

* Yarik helped me with datalad subdirectory
* David was explaining me prov library
* Jakub helped me to fix docker for nipype tutorial


#### What did you achieve?

* updating repronim training lessons
* adding examples for neurodocker
* updating nipype tutorial
* adding some simple tests to PyNIDM


#### What did you struggle with?

* installing docker on various platforms
* changing nipype.test do it can use option from pytest.ini
* understanding prov library and ho to access/check all attributes

#### What else did you do this week?
* sfn (brainhack, software carpentry, repronim training)


#### What would you like to work on next week?

* regression tests with Jakub
* opening a new traitlets PR (?)
* exercises and CI to nipype_tutorial
* reading about prov and adding tests to PyNIDM


#### Where do you need help from Satra?
* choosing an alternative library to traitlets
* choosing the best way for testing PyNIDM/prov

#### Any other topics
Next week will be working 3 days remotely and afk for Thanksgiving (probably Wed-Sat)




### Date: 5th November 2017

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?

#### Who did you help this week?

* some nipype users: neurostar, nipype
* helped David qith github workflow and CI

#### Who helped you this week?

* Jakub helped me with neurodocker and a new Dockerfile for nipype_tutorial
* Satra suggested changes to nipype_tutorial notebooks
* Mathias helped me with read-only system and testing my PR
* Satra helped me with my pytest PR: fixing failing DataSink test


#### What did you achieve?

* finished pytest cleaning PR
* updating nipype tutorial and testing with a new container
* creating Dockerfile for the tutorial taht works with Binder (tested)
* reviewing some issues
* updating some tests in pynidm and testing David PR


#### What did you struggle with?

* connecting nipype_tutorial to mybinder
* understanding how to use conftest.py andd pytest.ini with pytest
* figuring out ants. registration interfaces (what should be mandatory, default etc.)

#### What else did you do this week week?

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* reviewing repronim training materials
* creating examples for neurodocker
* opening a new traitlets PR
* exercises and CI to nipype_tutorial
* checking combination nipype & matlab (neurostar)

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

#### Any other topics



### Date: 29th October 2017

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?

#### Who did you help this week?

* some nipype users: neurostar, nipype

#### Who helped you this week?

* Satra talked to me about traitlets, and explained why I should be creating a new PR.

#### What did you achieve?

* fixing a few more tests in traitlets PR
* pytest cleaning
* reviewing some issues
* some basic tests for nidm
* creating a PR for ants issue


#### What did you struggle with?

* connecting nipype_tutorial to mybinder
* understanding how to use conftest.py andd pytest.ini with pytest
* figuring out ants. registration interfaces (what should be mandatory, default etc.)

#### What else did you do this week week?


#### What would you like to work on next week?

* opening a new traitlets PR
* finishing pytest cleaning
* PyNIDM
* connecting nipype_tutorial to mybinder
* reviewing repronim training materials
* checking combination nipype & matlab (neurostar)

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

#### Any other topics
took a day off



### Date: 22th October 2017

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?

#### Who did you help this week?

* some nipype users: neurostar

#### Who helped you this week?

#### What did you achieve?

* fixing a few more tests in traitlets PR
* changing TraitedSpec, so it doesn't change mutable variables used as inputs
* helping with cmtk.nbs:
  - nipype PR improving some error massages and adding tests for cmtk.nbs
  - PR to connectomviewer


#### What did you struggle with?

* having problem with testing connectomviewer with docker container based on neurodebian (at the end wasn't important for the code I wanted to test to solve an issue)

#### What else did you do this week week?


#### What would you like to work on next week?

* continue working on traitlets
* PyNIDM
* cwl
* helping Alex

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

#### Any other topics
were on vacation till Wed, may need to take one more day off this week



### Date: 15th October 2017

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?

#### Who did you help this week?

* helped Alex with issue regarding image resolution 

#### Who helped you this week?

#### What did you achieve?

* fixing a few more tests in traitlets PR
* creating a PR with tests to traitlets repo
* small PRs to PyNIDM


#### What did you struggle with?

* still having problem with traitlets container-type traits, waiting for possible changes

* problems with nilearn tests, global lists are modified (probably should change the nipype classes) 

* some problems with the dev version singularity (api has changed)

#### What else did you do this week week?

* attending fMRI lectures

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* continue working on traitlets
* PyNIDM


#### Where do you need help from Satra?


#### Any other topics
took some time off this week and planning to be on vacation till Wed.



### Date: 8th October 2017

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?

* working with Jakub on cwl examples

#### Who did you help this week?

* short conversation with Ola about statistics

#### Who helped you this week?

* Jakub helped me to solve problem with docker examples run by cwl
* Satra helped me with my traitlets PR


#### What did you achieve?

* fixing a few more tests in traitlets PR
* solving problems with running simple workflow using cwl-runner
* small fix to neurodocker
* suggesting some test to traitlets


#### What did you struggle with?

* still having problem with traitlets, one of the problem related to how traitlets treats `default_value` (see the [issue](https://github.com/ipython/traitlets/issues/455))  

* didn't know how to mount directory with data to docker container when running a script using cwl

* having problem with creating a docker image for the nipype tutorial (some should be solved by my fix)

#### What else did you do this week week?

* attending fMRI lectures

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* continue working on traitlets, have to finish all general files from interface directory
* creating a docker file and adding exercises to nipype tutorial
* running more examples with cwl

#### Where do you need help from Satra?


#### Any other topics
planning to take 3-4 days of vacation in the week 16-23 Oct.


### Date: 29th September 2017

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?


#### Who did you help this week?

* Checking a few thing in ClearMap for Alex
* Neurostar

#### Who helped you this week?

* Satra gave me some suggestions regarding dropbox


#### What did you achieve?

* finished a github repo with data tracked by datalad (https://github.com/djarecka/datalad_repo_test); 
   - [notes](https://github.com/djarecka/mit_diary/wiki/datalad---dropbox)
   
* fixing a few more tests in traitlets PR


#### What did you struggle with?

* I still haven't fixed the traitlets error when running multiple tests from test_io.py 
("traitlets.traitlets.TraitError: Unexpected error in TraitType: default value not set properly")
It's realated with `JSONFileSinkInputSpec` and other `*InputSpec` classes that have `__setattr__`

* My tests running simple workflow with cwl are failing, both with and without docker (but different errors), 
more in [the notes](https://github.com/djarecka/mit_diary/wiki/cwl-wip-notes) 

#### What else did you do this week week?

* attending fMRI lectures

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* continue working on traitlets, have to finish all general files from interface directory
* continue working on simple workflow with CWL examples (on my own and with Jakub)
* start adding exercises to nipype tutorial

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

* suggestion what should I do with the repo with tutorial output
* traitlets
* possibly with cwl

#### Any other topics


### Date: 24th September 2017

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?

* I was running CWL examples and discussing the problems with Jakub.

#### Who did you help this week?

* I had a short meeting with Alex

#### Who helped you this week?

* Yarik helped me with creating datalad repository from files saved in dropbox.
* Chris and Oscar helped me with PR
* Satra explained some issues regarding regression testing

#### What did you achieve?

* rerun all examples from nipype_tutorial and adding to datalad repo (it's very inefficient, still have to improve the workflow)
* finished PR on networkx
* run CWL tutorial 
* solved an issue

#### What did you struggle with?

* I'm still not sure hot to efficiently create datalad repository from files from dropbox. Yarik corrected my files names, but I'm not sure what is the best way of using `git annex addurl` (more in my email).
* I'm having problem with running simple workflow locally using CWL (could be related to temporary directories that CWL creates), also having problem with accessing environmental variables in a `cwl` file.

#### What else did you do this week week?

* attending fMRI lectures
* attending statistical learning lectures
* a short presentation for Gablab Datablitz

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* coming back to traitlets, have to finish all general files from interface directory
* debugging Alex workflow (and understanding how this should be done)
* finish the datalad repo
* continue running CWL examples



#### Where do you need help from Satra?

* gita annex/ datalad
* possibly with traitlets

#### Any other topics


---

### Date: 15th September 2017

#### Who did you help this week?

* Spent a few hours working on ClearMap and trying to help Alex to change the image for the registration.
* small help with Python for Qasim 
* neurostar (nipype)

#### Who helped you this week?

* Got some help from Satra and Yarik regarding datalad and dropbox.
* talking to Smruti about various certifications 

#### What did you achieve?

* some new chnages in my traitlets PR (new classes, changes in io (this still give errors))
* testing different pieces of creating datalad repository with my output data

#### What did you struggle with?

* Changing io.py for traitlets
* Creating datalad repository from data storage in dropbox

#### What else did you do this week week?

* attending fMRI lectures
* attending statistical learning lectures (not sure if will continue)

#### What would you like to work on next week?

* coming back to traitlets, have to finish all general files from interface directory
* finis what Alex wants to change with registration
* rerun all examples from nipype_tutorial and create datalad repo (still have to work on dropbox api and git annex)
* checking tox so we can use it with regression testing



#### Where do you need help from Satra?

* still might need some advices how to add the output files to the datalad repository ds000114
* possibly with traitlets

#### Any other topics




---

## Template (Copy template, add date link on top, and replace text, newest first)

### Date: [INSERT DATE OF MEETING]

#### Who did you work directly with (i.e. we helped each other) this week?

#### Who did you help this week?

Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who you helped this week and how.


#### Who helped you this week?

Replace this text with a one/two sentence description of who helped you this week and how.

#### What did you achieve?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you achieved this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What did you struggle with?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of where you struggled this week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!

#### What else did you do this week week?


#### What would you like to work on next week?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you would like to work on next week.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Where do you need help from Satra?

* Replace this text with a bullet point list of what you need help from Kirstie on.
* It's ok if your list is only one bullet point long!
* Try to estimate how long each task will take.

#### Any other topics

This space is yours to add to as needed.
